- [Speaker] Spring Batch allows item processors
to be chained so that multiple processors
can be included within a step.
This is important when multiple pieces of processing logic
must execute within a chunk based step.
Let's take a look at how we can include, both,
our bean validating item processor
and our tracked order item processor,
within the configuration of our step.
We're going to start by navigating to our chunk based step,
and we're going to modify its configuration.
Currently, it's using a single item processor,
the tracked order item processor.
We're going to go ahead and remove that,
and we're going to replace it with a
composite item processor method call.
And this call is going to return
a new composite item processor bean.
So let's go ahead, we'll hit control + 1.
We'll create that method
and then we're going to copy it
and move it to the top of our class.
And from there we'll get to work on building out our
new item processor implementation.
We're going to annotate this method with a bean annotation.
And then, we're going to change the method over to
a public method.
Now, looking at this method signature,
we're going to need to adjust the generic type arguments.
So I'll go ahead and remove the different extends' clauses.
And then, inside the body of the method here,
we're going to build out our new composite item processor.
To do that, we're going to use
a composite item processor builder.
So there we can find the builder.
You'll notice that the builder itself accepts
generic type arguments, so we're going to pass in the order
as the input to our composite processor.
And then we're going to specify that the tracked order
is the output from this composite processor.
The next thing that we'll need to do is within
the configuration of this processor,
specify the other item processors
that should be executed together
as part of this composite item processor.
So here we're able to specify multiple item processors
that will execute inside of this single processor.
In our case, the first thing we'd like to do is
use our order validating item processor to remove all orders
that are not for government emails.
And then, the second thing we're going to do
is include our tracked order item processor
to convert those orders over to tracked orders
that have shipping information.
With this in place, we can go ahead, we'll invoke
the build method on this builder
and that's going cause our new item processor to be created.
And that's all we need in order to run this job,
so let's head over to the terminal
and we'll use the script to run our job.
There we can see that our job kicked off
and ran successfully.
And now, if we go and look at our data directory,
we should have our adjacent file that was output.
And within this file, we should only see orders for
email address with .gov emails.
So let's do a couple of spot checks.
Looks like we're doing well.
And then, those orders should also have a tracking number.
So using a composite item processor, we were able to conjoin
the processing that was found
within two individual item processors
and that combined logic was able to be applied
within the flow of our job.